ollama-model-service/readme.md, before:

# Ollama Model Service

This model service example is based on the `ollama-ubi` image and manifests provided here: https://github.com/redhat-ai-dev/ollama-ubi

To stand up your own instance, follow the instructions in the repository to deploy resources to Kubernetes. After the ollama instance has been deployed, following the instructions to use the `ollama` CLI to pull the models of your choice

## Models

The models deployed in the example are:

- gemma2:2b
- llama3.2:1b
- phi3.5:3.8b
- granite-code:20b

However, if you wish to deploy different or less models, simply remove the corresponding `Resources` from the [ai-catalog.yaml](./ai-catalog.yaml). 

## Import into RHDH

If you wish to replicate this example:

1) Fork this repository

2) Follow the instructions above to deploy the model server and models

3) Modify the `ai-catalog.yaml` as needed: replace any links (e.g. update model server API urls to your instances), and update any `Resources`

4) Select `Register Existing Component` in Backstage, and copy the catalog link into import form

Commit message:

Update deployed example
Signed-off-by: John Collier <jcollier@redhat.com>

ollama-model-service/readme.md, after:

# Ollama Model Service

This model service example is based on the `ollama-ubi` image and manifests provided here: https://github.com/redhat-ai-dev/ollama-ubi.

To stand up your own instance, follow the instructions in the repository to deploy resources to Kubernetes. After the ollama instance has been deployed, following the instructions to use the `ollama` CLI to pull the models of your choice.

## Models

The models deployed in the example are:

- gemma2:2b
- llama3.2:1b
- phi3.5:3.8b
- granite-code:20b

However, if you wish to deploy different or less models, simply remove the corresponding `Resources` from the [catalog-info.yaml](./catalog-info.yaml). 

## Import into RHDH

If you wish to replicate this example:

1) Fork this repository.

2) Follow the instructions above to deploy the model server and models.

3) Modify the `catalog-info.yaml` as needed: replace any links (e.g. any `rosa.redhat-ai-dev.m6no.p3.openshiftapps.com` references), and update any `Resources` as needed (for example, adding/removing models).

4) Select `Register Existing Component` in Backstage, and copy the catalog link into import form.
